hey YouTube it's Brad again from
Fairview Mall in Toronto Canada and I'm
here to talk more about the invisible
shield glass it's our new tempered glass
premium screen protector it's absolutely
amazing and today I'm going to show you
the difference between the HTC One the
samsung galaxy s4 the samsung galaxy
note 3 the iphone 4 in the iphone 5 i'm
gonna show you the different cuts and
how they all differ from each other for
example we'll start with the samsung
galaxy s4 and you'll notice that it's
closed around the button so it's
precision-cut around the button but up
here it is left open a little bit more
the edges are rounded very very smooth
it reduces fingerprints and scratches
fantastic difference between the
Samsung's of the iPhone ones is they're
actually sealed at the top so it's just
the whole cut over the speaker and a
hole cut for the bottom again fantastic
I'm going to show you a bit more
close-up here in just a bit
so here's the box guys they say on the
box is advanced clarity ultra smooth
surface it's an easy installation and
has a lifetime guarantee it's one of the
only tempered glass screen protectors
with a lifetime guarantee there are a
couple other companies out there but
it's really giving you when you get a
SAG location buy you can just pop by
it'll professionally install it and
you'll get a brand new it on for you I'm
gonna open up the box and show you
what's inside
so inside you have a piece of paper to
register your warranty if you buy it
online you'll actually want to go and
register your warranty to go into a
kiosk you don't even need to register
your warranty because you can bring it
back to the kiosk and they'll happily
exchange it for you so comes with a wet
wipe a microfiber cloth to clean your
device and make sure it's really clean
do you want to see an installation video
and see how to properly install the
glass we have another video in our
channel so just check out the channel
and you can find the video there and of
course you have the invisible shield
glass with instructions on how to
install it again check out my video I
show you a cool a few cool little tips
to make it flawless with no dust so
that's all that comes in the packaging
so here I'm going to show you all the
close-ups of all the phones this is the
iPhone 4 again you can see that it's
closed around the ear piece and actually
covers the camera and notice the really
extremely rounded edges this is what
makes the Zagg glass a lot different
than the average tempered glass screen
protector on the market here's the
iPhone 5 same deal the iPhone 4 a little
bit harder to see but this is the white
phone but that's what makes a glass so
awesome
and the Samsung Galaxy s4 notice it is
left open to the top because of all the
Samsung sensors but it's precision
cutter on the button and again rounded
edges and here's the Samsung Galaxy Note
3 again left open at the top because
although Samsung sensors and finally the
HTC One a very basic rectangle around
edges they will be making one for the
new HTC One m8 as well and that will be
available at within a few weeks thanks
for watching our video guys if you have
any question just leave a comment below
also if you'd like to us to review any
different zag products shields or how-to
installation videos just ask us below
and we'll be happy to make one for you
thanks